quick hack to rank number one on google
have you ever hit up a website and ask
them to link to you they probably ignore
you
random sites won't link to you but you
need these links to rank higher and if
you can't get them you're pretty much
going to struggle to rank really high on
google
links are currency-like votes
in the u.s when there's a presidential
election the person with the most votes
generally wins and i say generally
because it's on a state by state basis
and winner takes all but generally
speaking the person who wins the most
votes wins the same goes with the
internet the more links you have
generally the higher you're gonna rank
you don't need the most to get at the
top but you need enough
so
what do you do if you can't get people
to link to you
well
focus on finding sites who link to
multiple of your competitors
is the key if someone links to not one
not two but three or more of your
competitors chances are they're willing
to link to you because they're agnostic
they don't care about one competitor
over another they're willing to link to
anyone in the space
but how do you find these sites that are
linking to multiple competitors and
convince them to link to you
well i want you to go to neilpatel.com
backlinks okay put in your url
when you pull in your url you'll see
this backlinks reports that shows your
domain authority how many links you have
who's linking to your link growth over
time in the left land navigation click
on backlinks opportunities i want you to
put in
two of your competitors if not three of
your competitors you can put either two
or three that's up to you and your
domain
it'll show you who's linking to your
competitors either two or three
depending on how many you put in and not
linking to you in other words they're
linking to your competitors but they're
not linking to you
you want to
look at each of the sites that link to
multiple of your competitors and it
shows you which domains and which pages
they're linking to on your competitor
site and if you have similar pages hit
that side up and say hey i have a
similar page but mine covers x y and z
that theirs does not
feel free and link to it here it's that
simple email out those sites if you
email out a hundred i know that may seem
like a lot
you should get over 14 links that's a
really good ratio the key again is
hit up sites that link to
three plus competitors and don't link to
you because the chances are they're
willing to link to you as well now if
you want help just doing this tactic
check out my attitude see np digital
where we do it for our clients or if you
have any questions on how to leave a
comment below i'm here to help if you
like the video share it tell people
about it like it subscribe to the
channel thank you for watching